Donald Trump came out with his proposal
for a new tax plan yesterday just like a
real presidential candidate would do is
kind of adorable
Trump has some interesting ideas he says
he plans to raise taxes on the very rich
which doesn't include him because he's
very very rich he's in the very good and
also under President Trump you won't
have to pay any income taxes if you make
less than $25,000 a year you won't pay
any taxes if you and your spouse make
under $50,000 a year and if you capture
an illegal Mexican you won't pay any
taxes at all
he's here legal every politician comes
out with his or her own plans and
proposals but I wonder if voters pay
attention to the specifics of those
plans it seems to me most people pick a
candidate and go along with whatever
that candidate says so today armed with
the new Trump tax plan we went out on
the street and found people who claim to
support Hillary Clinton for president
and asked those people about her tax
plan but what they didn't know is the
tax plan we presented them with is not
Hillary Clinton's it's Donald Trump's
and let's find out how they liked it
are you a Hillary Clinton supporter yes
I am I like Hillary yeah a supporter I'm
a Hillary Clinton supporter well for one
it's definitely time that we have a
woman in the White House I think a
female president would be a great idea
are you a Hillary Clinton supporter I
sure AM what about Donald Trump next nut
you don't support Donald Trump at all
I do not would you be able to support
anything about Donald Trump um in in
short no Donald Trump uh no I not so
much I feel cold towards Donald Trump he
wouldn't support Donald Trump okay and
would you support Hillary Clinton's plan
to cut the corporate tax rate from
thirty five percent to fifteen percent
uh I'd be up here I think that's a good
idea
do you support Hillary's plan to
eliminate the estate tax yes I do
support that do you support her plan to
eliminate taxes for those who make less
than twenty five thousand dollars a year
I would support that
do you support her plan to eliminate the
alternative minimum tax attorney minimum
tax
yeah support that do you support her
plan to eliminate the estate tax yes and
what would you say if I told you those
are all Donald Trump's proposals I would
say he's pretty smart man yeah feel
stupid I would say that that's shocking
uh but I mean if it is I'm still not
voting for Donald Trump he's a
caricature what would you say if I told
you those are all Donald Trump's
policies I wouldn't believe you they are
well I support down Trump their
citizenship those are all Donald Trump's
policy I hate him
none of us deserve to vote that's the
way I know if you notice it if you're
watching this a TiVo rewind because
there's a very fat spider-man in the
background I'd like to talk to him
tomorrow okay hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
liked that subscribe to our YouTube
channel to get all our latest videos
before they die and go to YouTube heaven